Hello everyone and welcome back you're back here for another lesson and for a new section of our course.
And today you're going to start talking about the film customized.
One of the most interesting development tools for Wordpress themes.
Well before we start talking about it I just want to show you a couple of simple modifications I made
to the film.
As you can see on the home page the search form is a little different.
As well as the contact form.
There are also other areas of the theme that have been modified but nothing too important.
These are only small CSSA changes as you know you can find them all in our services file.
You see there all this says for the theme in a very well organized file.
Also I decided to change the HMO markup for this middle area here a bit before the sidebar had only
three columns and now it has four columns with that the news div has been reduced to eight columns and
there's also this hatting tech here and here on archive that page be an index that page.
Also changed the pagination the tags before we have the call.
And these six classes and now we have only code six that means the students here will always have a
whiff of 50 percent each regardless of the screen resolution OK.
Back to today's subject.
Let's remember that we have some sections on the thing that are not finished yet.
So here on the home page we have this area that would be a place for the logo the copyright area.
All of these areas are still unchanged and you'll be using the think customized to deal with them.
It could of course do all that manually using only a shemale called BHP et cetera.
But the point is that if you do that our film will get hard to maintain to make changes to the code.
The site owner will have to understand about programming.
But of course this is not a reality that we have to take into consideration because not everyone knows
how to write code.
So our task is to build the whole thing in the most dynamic way possible.
Well before we started grading and think I'm going to show you of course how this WordPress tool works
especially for those who still don't know it first.
Let's go over to the Wordpress dashboard
appearance menu customize or as the site administrator you also have the possibility to access the same
screen via the front end.
By clicking on this I can hear this tool is very versatile and allows us to make changes to the thing
while viewing these changes on the right side of the screen.
So this is the great potential we have when we use it.
Well let's explain how it works in more detail.
You're on the right side.
We have this big rectangular area where you can see the actual thing.
This area is highly dynamic.
So for example if I click on this link actually can go to a new page and on the left side we have several
controls that are used to modify specific areas of the theme.
Well let's give names to those things.
The controls you see on the left are called sections.
Here we have for example the site identity's section the color section beheader a major section that
is no acquaintance of us from previous lessons.
Remember within each section we have the controls.
For example if you click here on site identity we have all the controls that relate to the site's identity
suggest the title description and other fields to this controls can be of different types.
They can be text fields check boxes Appolo buttons color pictures.
There are many possibilities and with each version the word team brings more items to the customization.
Not to mention some custom libraries that have fused that are not yet in the native version of Wordpress
and other thing we can do here is also to change the thing that we are viewing.
Just click here and choose another thing to customize it.
I'm going to choose for example the 20:17 thing.
This theme also features a few sections and I can also make modifications and I already see that modifications
reflected on the right side of the tool so I switch things again.
Well another very interesting thing in this too is the possibility to see Howard lay out will be presented
in several different devices.
So here on the right side unveiling the themes desktop version if I click on this button here I can
see how the site is on a tablet like device.
And if you click on this other button here you can see how the field behaves.
Almost smartphone as you can see with the changes we made in previous lessons.
Our think is totally responsive.
We even see the responses menu here at the top of the thing.
Now let's see it.
Basically it's what they got in the customizing.
This is a very powerful tool not only for you the sim developer but also for your clients.
It allows us to make customisations in a very practical and fast way.
And without the need for the end user to know how to write code.
So what I want you to understand in this lesson is basically how this tool is made up.
So remember the following.
These left side structures here are called sections and each section can contain many controls which
can be of various types from simple text boxes to check boxes upload buttons etc..
Ok so in the next lesson we're going to start writing some code for the customization.
And you'll then be coding.